First pass. Minor fixes in "comparison" part (#53)
easybuilders/easybuild-tutorial: docs/comparison_other_tools/README.md

* worldwide community
* broad spectrum of supported software (1000s)

In other ways, EasyBuild and Spack are quite different. Spack is released
under a more permissive open source license (MIT/Apache 2.0 dual license), and 

> whereas EasyBuild supports Linux and Cray PE, Spack adds macOS out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whereas EasyBuild supports Linux and Cray PE, Spack also provides good support for macOS out-of-the-box.
```
